26)  Cloud computing is a recent technology being marketed and used as a means to provide off-site computing power to an organization. Locate information about cloud computing and compare cloud computing with grid computing. In what ways are they similar? How do they differ? (Ch 11)

Cloud computing uses a server-based architecture where clients can make requests to one another. This architecture can vary in communication such as HTTP, MQTT, TCP/IP, WebSockets, WebRTC, and more. This is typically deployed on a PaaS service such as AWS, GCP, Azure, etc. and is on a pay-per-usage system. Overall, the scalibility, flexibility, centralization, and abundance of alternatives make cloud computing and powerful paradigm.

Grid computing is a bit different and refers more so to distributed computing which is the linkage of multiple computers with a centralized access mechanism. The scalability of grid computing is difficult because you need to allocate more resources over time. However they are typically more organized and application oriented.

5) Give a general description of the types of information contained in a "packet." (Ch 12)

At the simplest abstraction, a packet refers to a portion of data being transferred in internet communication. This data is strictly organized depending upon standards and contains contextual information, such as source and destination, as well as content from the actual data being transferred. A standard HTTP request would have a header, payload, and a trailer. Different packets like TCP and FTP are a bit different but follow the same general structure.